#LyX 1.6.7 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 345
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\language english
\inputencoding auto
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\paperorientation portrait
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\defskip medskip
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes true
\output_changes true
\author "chenno,,," 
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Change Test
\end_layout

\begin_layout List
\labelwidthstring 00.00.0000

\change_inserted 0 1283108483
Prisoner: 
\change_unchanged
Well...
 I'd just like to say, m'lud, I've got a family...
 a wife and six kids...
 and I ho
\change_deleted 0 1283108130
o
\change_unchanged
pe very much you don't have to take away my freedom...
 because...
 well, because m'lud freedom is a state much prized within the rea
\change_inserted 0 1283108101
l
\change_unchanged
m of civilized society.
 It is a bond wherewith the savage man may charm the outward hatchments
 of his soul, and soothe the troubled brea
\change_inserted 0 1283108102
s
\change_unchanged
t into a magnitude of quiet.
 It is most precious as a blessed balm, the saviour of princes, the harbinger
 of happiness, yea, the very stuff and pith of all we hold most dear.
 What frees the prisoner in his lonely cell, chained within the bondage
 of rude walls, far from the owl of Theb
\change_deleted 0 1283108105
b
\change_unchanged
es? What fires and stirs the woodcock in his springe or wakes the drowsy
 apricot betides? What goddess doth the storm toss'd mariner offer her most
 tempestuous prayers to? Freedom! Freedom! Freedom!
\change_inserted 0 1283108446

\end_layout

\begin_layout List
\labelwidthstring 00.00.0000

\change_inserted 0 1283108472
Judge: It's only a bloody parking offence.
\change_unchanged

\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
