#LyX 1.6.7 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 345
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\language english
\inputencoding auto
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\paperorientation portrait
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\defskip medskip
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\author "" 
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Plain Text Test
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This document will test whatever happens with plain text.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Paragraph Justification
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align block
Well, to discuss the implications of that sketch and to consider the moral
 problems raised by the law-enforcement methods involved we have a duck,
 a cat and a lizard.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align left
Now first of all I'd like to put this question to you please, lizard.
 How effective do you consider the legal weapons employed by legal customs
 officers, nowadays?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
Well while you're thinking about that, I'd like to bring the duck in here,
 and ask her, if possible, to clarify the whole question of currency restriction
s, and customs regulations in the world today.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align right
Perhaps the cat would rather answer that?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
That is all for now.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
