#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language american
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format html
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict true
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Part
PySI Applications
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
PySI has the ability to perform four basic tasks:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Generate s-parameters of systems.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Simulate systems.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Virtual probe systems.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Deembed s-parameters in systems.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A system is, of course, a schematic containing various elements,.
 For the purpose of this section, schematic elements are broken into several
 categories.
 These are:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Ports.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Devices.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Sources.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Measure Probes.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Output Probes.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Stims.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
Devices
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Devices are the things you are most familiar with.
 They include resistive and reactive elements, dependent sources, opens,
 shorts (ground), transformers, etc.
 The most general and important element is the file which is a generic box
 whose s-parameters can be read from a file.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
Ports
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Ports define connections to circuit for the purpose of s-parameter generation
 and de-embedding.
 They are numbered and determine the port numbering of any s-parameters
 generated.
 At least one port must be present to perform the task of s-parameter generation
 or deembedding.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
Sources
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Sources define stimulus to the circuit for the purpose of simulation.
 There are various types of voltage and current generators which can generate
 steps, pulses, sinewaves, etc.
 The most important sources supply a waveform specified in a waveform file.
 At least one source must be present to perform simulation.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
Output Probes
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Output probes define the probing point for waveforms output by the system
 during either simulation or virtual probing.
 The waverforms at output probe connection points are what get displayed
 on the simulator plot dialog.
 At least one output probe must be present to perform simulation.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
S-parameter Generation
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "sec:S-parameter-Generation"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This section explains how to use PySI to generate the s-parameters of a
 system.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
